I don't care who you are.
Get out of here
Sister-in-law, what did you say?
I said you'd better get out of here
Don't make me angry.
Damn, you are a mouse sleeping cat, are you looking for death?
Have you ever asked me about my background?
How dare you speak to me in such a tone?
Then I'll cooperate. Why do you love him?
Do you know Ghost?
Never heard of hum
No wonder he's so arrogant
I've never even heard of Ghost
Ten years ago.
There are two people like thunder on the rivers and lakes
one
Killed 300 assassins overnight
Another one was caught in jail and bullied by his father
He flattened the prison overnight
These two people are Lord Nan Gui
North British Columbia
Who do you think you can offend these two people?
I can't offend anyone
But those two people you just told me about
It's not even a dish in front of me
As long as you meet me
He will kneel
Hahahahaha
I'm afraid you're going to laugh at me to death, right?
You say you don't look good either
Why are you talking so ignorant?
Fresh old man, if you don't beat it, you are looking for your teeth all over the place
I'm not capable
Just join me in this little role
Boy, it's not too late for you to kneel down and beg for mercy now